1 their efforts is clear for all to see


Manipulate  handle  process  compute  calculate


------------------------------------------------- 花费
costs
expenses
fee
bill
-------------------------------------------------

Electrical: 电学的，电器的

performance optimization: 性能优化

This overview assumes that you have at least a basic knowledge of SQL


GitHub blocked in China - Update
 
The project hosting site GitHub is currently inaccessible from China, cutting off the country's developers from the valuable resource. A ViewDNS.info check shows that the service cannot be looked up throughout China. The blocking is frustrating many Chinese developers who cannot access one of the world's major repositories of open source software. As the country's firewall controllers rarely give any information on why sites are blocked, it is suggested by some that github.com is being blocked because of a dispute over a train ticket booking plugin. 

With the Chinese New Year and Spring Festival approaching, getting train tickets to visit family is a high priority for many Chinese residents, with newly released tickets being sold in minutes. Many have turned to web apps and plugins in browsers to navigate the "12306" ticket purchase site which often exhibits problems under high traffic load. Unfortunately, according to TechInAsia, those plugins often work by constantly refreshing the web site and making it perform even more badly; so badly that the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) stepped in and ordered browser makers to stop making the plugins available. According to a thread on Hacker News, one particular plugin also used GitHub as a source for downloading its JavaScript files. It appears that the block on GitHub is an attempt to disable that particular plugin, even though it is only one of "dozens" of plugins and scripts used to get train tickets.

The blocking appears currently to be at a DNS lookup level; IP connections are not blocked but GitHub makes extensive use of host naming. GitHub released a statement to the media saying it was still investigating, "but it does appear that we’re at least being partly blocked by the Great Firewall of China. We’re looking into it, and will update with more information when we have it."

Update (23/01/13) - It appears that service has been restored in China. After a number of hours of intermittent connectivity, ViewDNS.info now shows that GitHub's DNS is resolving correctly. According to a comment on Hacker News, Chinese developers protested and it appears the government relented.


Effective and Slim code


All files for this application reside in this directory.

You can leave the web server running while you develop your application. The web server knows to watch for changes in your source files and reload them if necessary.


The CGI standard is simple, but it would be cumbersome to write all of the code that uses it by hand

This module is provided in the SDK, as well as in the production runtime environment.



Problems with the API to get the TLS certificate


工作经历常用词汇

　　work experience工作经历occupational history工作经历

　　professional history职业经历specific experience具体经历

　　responsibilities职责second job第二职业

　　achievements工作成就，业绩administer管理

　　assist辅助adapted to适应于

　　accomplish完成(任务等) appointed被认命的

　　adept in善于analyze分析

　　authorized委任的；核准的behave表现

　　break the record打破纪录breakthrough关键问题的解决

　　control控制conduct经营，处理

　　cost成本；费用create创造

　　demonstrate证明，示范decrease减少

　　design设计develop开发，发挥

　　devise设计，发明direct指导

　　double加倍，翻一番earn获得，赚取

　　effect效果，作用eliminate消除

　　enlarge扩大enrich使丰富

　　exploit开发(资源，产品) enliven搞活

　　establish设立(公司等)；使开业evaluation估价，评价

　　execute实行，实施expedite加快；促进

　　generate产生good at擅长于

　　guide指导；操纵improve改进，提高

　　initiate创始，开创innovate改革，革新

　　invest投资integrate使结合；使一体化

　　justified经证明的；合法化的launch开办(新企业)

　　maintain保持；维修modernize使现代化

 　negotiate谈判							被提名；被认命的

　　overcome克服perfect使完善；改善
    
　　perform执行，履行profit利润
    
　　be promoted to被提升为be proposed as被提名(推荐)为
    
　　realize实现(目标)获得(利润) reconstruct重建
    
　　recorded记载的refine精练，精制
    
　　registered已注册的regenerate更新，使再生
    
　　replace接替，替换retrieve挽回
    
　　revenue收益，收入scientific科学的，系统的
    
　　self-dependence自力更生serve服务，供职
    
　　settle解决(问题等) shorten减低……效能

　　simplify简化，精简spread传播，扩大

　　standard标准，规格supervises监督，管理

　　supply供给，满足systematize使系统化

　　test试验，检验well-trained训练有素的

　　valuable有价值的target目标，指标

　　working model劳动模范advanced worker先进工作者





Robert T. Smith
195 Braxton Street
Mendota, IL 61342
Phone: 815-539-9083
Email ID: robert_smith@mail.com

OBJECTIVE

To further my career with a growth-oriented firm that will allow me to utilize my experience and knowledge as a technology manager.

KEYWORDS

Perl, Linux, Apache, Mason, HTML, XML, XSL ,JavaScript, Java, MS C++, ASP, 8086 Assembly, Fortran, COBOL, network firewall and hack-proof server installation and configuration, and automatic mass website building.

EXPERIENCE

XYZ Technologies, Dallas, TX
Manager, 1998 - Present
Organized and managed various computer-related projects. Supervised a research and development team of twelve employees. Designed and implemented fresh employee training programs.

ABC Systems, Dallas, TX
Lead Programmer, 1993 - 1998
Developed part of the core of the product TowerWorks: an administration platform for ASP (Application Service Provider). Developed hi-end tools for integration and customization with third party products. Programmed and designed the Unix provisioning system.

EDUCATION

University of Richmond
B.S., Computer Science, 1993

REFERENCES

Available upon request.

Why is God referred as He ? - Yahoo! Answers India


start from now, not later

vacation
holiday

--------------------------- 普通，公共，一般
common
ordinary
general 
universal
usual
------------------------------------------------

RTTI-like workaround

------------------------------------------------
know:           知道(与understand相近)
acknowledge:    承认
understand:     明白(已经懂的)
realize：       认识到
familiar：      熟悉的，相似的，常见的

acquaint：      使熟悉，使认知

------------------------------------------------


【每日英语】My dear roommate, thank you for sparing my life.亲爱的室友，感谢你当年的不杀之恩。Even the most boring times in life are limited.?生命中再无聊的时光也是限量版。 As long as you are still alive, you will definitely encounter the good things in life.?只要活着就一定会遇上好事。

when a software engineer get married to another software engineer then this happens.


[每日英语0530]leave for  是离开去某地，for后加的地点名字是将要去的地方。而leave  to   则是离开某地，to后加的是要离开的地方。还有短语leave 加地点A   for  地点B   的短语，意为离开A去B。leave for 是出发至某处 
如: He left for Beijing yesterday.
leave sth for sb 是把什么留给什么人
如：She left these flowers for you. 
leave sb for sb 是离开什么人去和什么人在一起 
如：He left his wife for a young lady. 


appears to be damaged or corrupt


【每日英语0729】You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday. 如果你还在留恋昨天，就不会拥有更美好的明天。It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. 并不是因为事情难我们才不敢做，而是因为我们不敢做事情才难。(Seneca Roman)Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.你的心是自由的，要有勇气追随它。Go at least once a year to a place you have never been before. 每年至少去一个你不曾去过的地方吧！------（Ben）


The following diagram illustrates the place of the internet protocol
in the protocol hierarchy:
